c:\users\arjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\DiscordBot.exe.config
c:\users\arjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\DiscordBot.exe
c:\users\arjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\DiscordBot.pdb
c:\users\arjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\arjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\arjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\arjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\arjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\arjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\arjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\arjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\arjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\arjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\arjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\arjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\arjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\obj\Debug\DiscordBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\arjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\obj\Debug\DiscordBot.exe
c:\users\arjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\obj\Debug\DiscordBot.pdb
C:\Users\Arjun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
C:\Users\Arjun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
C:\Users\Arjun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Customsearch.v1.dll
C:\Users\Arjun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
C:\Users\Arjun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\Arjun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Arjun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
C:\Users\Arjun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
C:\Users\Arjun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
C:\Users\Arjun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Arjun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
C:\Users\Arjun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Customsearch.v1.pdb
C:\Users\Arjun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Customsearch.v1.xml
C:\Users\Arjun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\Arjun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\Arjun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\Arjun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
C:\Users\Arjun\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Audio.dll
